Once upon a time there was a greasy girl called Hannah Humble. She was on the way to see her Casper Nolan, when she decided to take a short cut through Spittleton Woods.

It wasn't long before Hannah got lost. She looked around, but all she could see were trees. Nervously, she felt into her bag for her favourite toy, Laura, but Laura was nowhere to be found! Hannah began to panic. She felt sure she had packed Laura. To make matters worse, she was starting to feel hungry.

Unexpectedly, she saw a winged fox dressed in a red top hat disappearing into the trees.

"How odd!" thought Hannah.

For the want of anything better to do, she decided to follow the peculiarly dressed fox. Perhaps it could tell him the way out of the forest.

Eventually, Hannah reached a clearing. She found herself surrounded by houses made from different sorts of food. There was a house made from parsnips, a house made from biscuits, a house made from sweets and a house made from cupcakes.

Hannah could feel her tummy rumbling. Looking at the houses did nothing to ease her hunger.

"Hello!" she called. "Is anybody there?"

Nobody replied.

Hannah looked at the roof on the closest house and wondered if it would be rude to eat somebody else's chimney. Obviously it would be impolite to eat a whole house, but perhaps it would be considered acceptable to nibble the odd fixture or lick the odd fitting, in a time of need.

A cackle broke through the air, giving Hannah a fright. A witch jumped into the space in front of the houses. She was carrying a cage. In that cage was Laura!

"Laura!" shouted Hannah. She turned to the witch. "That's my toy!"

The witch just shrugged.

"Give Laura back!" cried Hannah.

"Not on your nelly!" said the witch.

"At least let Laura out of that cage!"

Before she could reply, three winged foxes rushed in from a footpath on the other side of the clearing. Hannah recognised the one in the red top hat that she'd seen earlier. The witch seemed to recognise him too.

"Hello Big Fox," said the witch.

"Good morning." The fox noticed Laura. "Who is this?"

"That's Laura," explained the witch.

"Ooh! Laura would look lovely in my house. Give it to me!" demanded the fox.

The witch shook her head. "Laura is staying with me."

"Um... Excuse me..." Hannah interrupted. "Laura lives with me! And not in a cage!"

Big Fox ignored her. "Is there nothing you'll trade?" he asked the witch.

The witch thought for a moment, then said, "I do like to be entertained. I'll release him to anybody who can eat a whole front door."

Big Fox looked at the house made from cupcakes and said, "No problem, I could eat an entire house made from cupcakes if I wanted to."

"That's nothing," said the next fox. "I could eat two houses."

"There's no need to show off," said the witch. Just eat one front door and I'll let you have Laura."

Hannah watched, feeling very worried. She didn't want the witch to give Laura to Big Fox. She didn't think Laura would like living with a winged fox, away from her house and all her other toys.

The other two foxes watched while Big Fox put on his bib and withdrew a knife and fork from his pocket.

"I'll eat this whole house," said Big Fox. "Just you watch!"

Big Fox pulled off a corner of the front door of the house made from biscuits. He gulped it down smiling, and went back for more.

   And more.

      And more.

Eventually, Big Fox started to get bigger - just a little bit bigger at first. But after a few more fork-fulls of biscuits, he grew to the size of a large snowball - and he was every bit as round.

"Erm... I don't feel too good," said Big Fox.

Suddenly, he started to roll. He'd grown so round that he could no longer balance!

"Help!" he cried, as he rolled off down a slope into the forest.

Big Fox never finished eating the front door made from biscuits and Laura remained trapped in the witch's cage.
Average Fox stepped up, and approached the house made from sweets.

"I'll eat this whole house," said Average Fox. "Just you watch!"

Average Fox pulled off a corner of the front door of the house made from sweets. She gulped it down smiling, and went back for more.

   And more.

      And more.

After a while, Average Fox started to look a little queasy. She grew greener...

   ...and greener.

A woodcutter walked into the clearing. "What's this bush doing here?" he asked.

"I'm not a bush, I'm a fox!" said Average Fox.

"It talks!" exclaimed the woodcutter. "Those talking bushes are the worst kind. I'd better take it away before somebody gets hurt."

"No! Wait!" cried Average Fox, as the woodcutter picked her up. But the woodcutter ignored her cries and carried the fox away under his arm.

Average Fox never finished eating the front door made from sweets and Laura remained trapped in the witch's cage.
Little Fox stepped up, and approached the house made from cupcakes.

"I'll eat this whole house," said Little Fox. "Just you watch!"

Little Fox pulled off a corner of the front door of the house made from cupcakes. He gulped it down smiling, and went back for more.

   And more.

      And more.

After five or six platefuls, Little Fox started to fidget uncomfortably on the spot.

He stopped eating cupcakes for a moment, then grabbed another forkful.

But before he could eat it, there came an almighty roar. A bottom burp louder than a rocket taking off, propelled Little Fox into the sky.

"Aggghhhhhh!" cried Little Fox. "I'm scared of heigh..."

Little Fox was never seen again.

Little Fox never finished eating the front door made from cupcakes and Laura remained trapped in the witch's cage.

"That's it," said the witch. "I win. I get to keep Laura."

"Not so fast," said Hannah. "There is still one front door to go. The front door of the house made from parsnips. And I haven't had a turn yet.

"I don't have to give you a turn!" laughed the witch. "My game. My rules."

The woodcutter's voice carried through the forest. "I think you should give her a chance. It's only fair."

"Fine," said the witch. "But you saw what happened to the foxes. She won't last long."

"I'll be right back," said Hannah.

"What?" said the witch. "Where's your sense of impatience? I thought you wanted Laura back."

Hannah ignored the witch and gathered a hefty pile of sticks. She came back to the clearing and started a small camp fire. Carefully, she broke off a piece of the door of the house made from parsnips and toasted it over the fire. Once it had cooked and cooled just a little, she took a bite. She quickly devoured the whole piece.

Hannah sat down on a nearby log.

"You fail!" cackled the witch. "You were supposed to eat the whole door."

"I haven't finished," explained Hannah. "I am just waiting for my food to go down."

When Hannah's food had digested, she broke off another piece of the door made from parsnips. Once more, she toasted her food over the fire and waited for it to cool just a little. She ate it at a leisurely pace then waited for it to digest.

Eventually, after several sittings, Hannah was down to the final piece of the door made from parsnips. Carefully, she toasted it and allowed it to cool just a little. She finished her final course. Hannah had eaten the entire front door of the house made from parsnips.

The witch stamped her foot angrily. "You must have tricked me!" she said. "I don't reward cheating!"

"I don't think so!" said a voice. It was the woodcutter. He walked back into the clearing, carrying his axe. "This little girl won fair and square. Now hand over Laura or I will chop your broomstick in half."

The witch looked horrified. She grabbed her broomstick and placed it behind her. Then, huffing, she opened the door of the cage.

Hannah hurried over and grabbed Laura, checking that her favourite toy was all right. Fortunately, Laura was unharmed.

Hannah thanked the woodcutter, grabbed a quick souvenir, and hurried on to meet Casper. It was starting to get dark.

When Hannah got to Casper's house, her threw his arms around her.

"I was so worried!" cried Casper. "You are very late."

As Hannah described her day, she could tell that Casper didn't believe her. So she grabbed a napkin from her pocket.

"What's that?" asked Casper.

Hannah unwrapped a doorknob made from biscuits. "Pudding!" she said.

Casper almost fell off his chair.

The End
